=head1 NAME

DBIx::Class2::Manual::DocMap - What documentation do we have?

=head1 Manuals

=over 4

=item L<DBIx::Class2::Manual> - User's Manual overview.

=item L<DBIx::Class2::Manual::QuickStart> - Up and running with DBIC in 10 minutes.

=item L<DBIx::Class2::Manual::Intro> - More detailed introduction to setting up and using DBIx::Class2.

=item L<DBIx::Class2::Manual::SQLHackers> - How to use DBIx::Class2 if you know SQL (external, available on CPAN)

=item L<DBIx::Class2::Manual::Joining> - Joining tables with DBIx::Class2.

=item L<DBIx::Class2::Manual::Features> - A boatload of DBIx::Class2 features with links to respective documentation.

=item L<DBIx::Class2::Manual::Glossary> - What do all those terms mean?

=item L<DBIx::Class2::Manual::Cookbook> - Various short recipes on how to do things.

=item L<DBIx::Class2::Manual::FAQ> - Frequently Asked Questions, gathered from IRC and the mailing list.

=item L<DBIx::Class2::Manual::Troubleshooting> - What to do if things go wrong (diagnostics of known error messages).

=back

=head1 Some essential reference documentation

The first two list items are the most important.

=over 4

=item L<DBIx::Class2::ResultSet/search> - Selecting and manipulating sets.

The DSL (mini-language) for query composition is only partially explained there,
see L<SQL::Abstract::Classic/WHERE CLAUSES> for the complete details.

=item L<C<$schema>::Result::C<$resultclass>|DBIx::Class2::Manual::ResultClass>
- Classes representing a single result (row) from a DB query.

Such classes normally subclass L<DBIx::Class2::Core>, the methods inherited
from L<DBIx::Class2::Row|DBIx::Class2::Row/METHODS> and
L<DBIx::Class2::Relationship::Base|DBIx::Class2::Relationship::Base/METHODS>
are used most often.

=item L<DBIx::Class2::ResultSetColumn> - Perform operations on a single column of a ResultSet.

=item L<DBIx::Class2::ResultSource> - Source/Table definition functions.

=item L<DBIx::Class2::Schema> - Overall sources, and connection container.

=item L<DBIx::Class2::Relationship> - Simple relationship declarations.

=item L<DBIx::Class2::Relationship::Base> - Relationship declaration details.

=item L<DBIx::Class2::InflateColumn> - Making objects out of your column values.

=back

=head1 FURTHER QUESTIONS?

Check the list of L<additional DBIC resources|DBIx::Class2/GETTING HELP/SUPPORT>.

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

This module is free software L<copyright|DBIx::Class2/COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE>
by the L<DBIx::Class2 (DBIC) authors|DBIx::Class2/AUTHORS>. You can
redistribute it and/or modify it under the same terms as the
L<DBIx::Class2 library|DBIx::Class2/COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE>.

